(BOLT-1451) Implicitly call apply_prep for yaml resources step (#1127)
puppetlabs/bolt: pre-docs/writing_yaml_plans.md

#### Resources step

> Use a `resources` step to apply a list of Puppet resources. A resource defines the _desired state_ for part of a target. Bolt will ensure each resource is in its desired state. For each `resources` step the `apply_prep` plan function will be executed against the targets specified with the `targets` field. For more information about `apply_prep` see the [How manifest blocks are applied](./applying_manifest_blocks.md#how-manifest-blocks-are-applied) reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a `resources` step to apply a list of Puppet resources. A resource defines the _desired state_ for part of a target. Bolt will ensure each resource is in its desired state. For each `resources` step, Bolt executes the `apply_prep` plan function against the targets specified with the `targets` field. For more information about `apply_prep` see the [How manifest blocks are applied](./applying_manifest_blocks.md#how-manifest-blocks-are-applied) reference.
```
